
The body element has the default font set to "Open Sans", sans-serif, and the text color is set to #333 (dark gray). 
The background color is set to #f5f5f5 (light gray).

The .digit-demo-container class styles a container element that holds the content for the digit recognition demo. 
The container has a maximum width of 800 pixels and is horizontally centered on the page. The background color is 
set to white, and the element has a border radius of 5 pixels and a box shadow.

The .digit-demo-container h3 class styles the heading element within the container. The font size is set to 22 pixels, 
the font weight is set to bold, and the text is aligned to the center. The element has a padding of 20 pixels and no margin. 
The text color is set to #333 (dark gray), and the background color is set to a semi-transparent blue color. 
The element also has rounded corners on the top left and top right.

The .flex-two class styles a container element that uses the flex layout. The flex items are allowed to wrap if necessary.

The .flex-two div class styles the direct child elements of the container element with the .flex-two class. 
Each child element takes up an equal amount of space (1 on the flex scale) and has a padding of 20 pixels. 
The text is aligned to the center.

The @media rule applies styles only when the screen width is 640 pixels or smaller. 

The .canvas-box-wrapper class styles a container element that holds the canvas element used for drawing. 
The !important rule is used to override any other styles that may be applied to the element.

The #canvas_box element styles the canvas element used for drawing. The element has a solid border with a 
color of #ddd (light gray), a border radius of 5 pixels, and a box shadow. The element also has a margin 
of 20 pixels at the bottom.

The #chart_box element styles the chart element that is used to display the prediction results. 
The element has a white background, a border radius of 5 pixels, a box shadow, a margin of 20 pixels at the bottom, 
and a padding of 10 pixels.

The .btn class styles the buttons on the page. The buttons are displayed as inline-blocks, have a font size of 14 pixels, 
a font weight of bold, a padding of 12 pixels by 24 pixels, no border, a border radius of 5 pixels, and a box shadow. 
The background color is set to a purple color, and the text color is set to white. The transition property is 
used to add a smooth transition effect when the buttons are hovered over.

The .btn:hover class styles the buttons when they are hovered over. The background color changes to a darker purple color.

The .prediction-text class styles the element that displays the prediction results. The element has a font size of 22 pixels, 
a font weight of bold, and a margin of 30 pixels at the top.

The .coding class styles an element that is used to highlight code blocks. The element has a background 
color of #ffefef (light red), a font size of 12 pixels, a font family of monospace, a line height of 25 pixels, 
a border radius of 4 pixels, a padding of 3 pixels by 6 pixels, a text color of #d2372a (dark red), and a border 
with a color of #fad1d1 (light red).



Useless code (apparently): 

.coding {
  background-color: #ffefef;
  font-size: 12px;
  font-family: monospace;
  line-height: 25px;
  border-radius: 4px;
  padding: 3px 6px;
  color: #d2372a;
  border: 1px solid #fad1d1;
}
